Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Smitty, anyone heard
from Rivers yet?
Smitty, on radio:
Negative.
I don't mind the overtime,
but you'd think he'd at least call.
We'll advise
if he checks in.
Copy.
I'm gonna take a leak.
Hey, Smitty, I got something
down here by the utility closet.
It looks like
it might be blood.
Did you say blood?
Yeah. I'm gonna check it out
and then, uh...
You'll want to send
somebody down, though.
Copy.
Oh, my God.
Rivers.
We found him last night.
It's the second guard
in 3 months.
Rossi: Both stabbed in the neck
with a sock stuffed in their mouth.
Yeah, that's what made me
think to call you.
The sock could be some kind
of signature, couldn't it?
It's possible.
Forgive me, Warden Tate, but this
is a prison we're talking about.
Isn't every inch of the place
covered with surveillance?
It's an older facility, and we're
still making updates to the system,
but officer Hightower was
killed in a riot incident
where the inmates
temporarily disabled the cameras.
Well, this could be a retaliatory act
against the administration.
In which case
it could happen again.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I'm afraid of.
Look, I only took over 6 months ago,
and two men are dead.
They had families.
Warden, we're here to help
however we can.
Let us discuss it
with our team
and we'll get back to you
as soon as possible.
Yeah, sounds good.
Thank you both.
Federal penitentiary.
Technically
it is on our watch.
A privately owned penitentiary
outsourced by the DOJ.
How'd you meet this guy?
At a conference in D.C.
he was a lobbyist
for the same company
that owns the prison.
Why go from a lobbyist
on the Hill
to a prison warden
in East Texas?
Apparently he got a nice salary package
for taking the job.
And now he's
in over his head.
[Sighs] 2,000 inmates,
and probably half of them
already in there
for violent crimes.
Well, the good news
and the bad news is,
we've already got
our suspect pool.
[Humming spiritual]
♪ Muddy water runnin'
through your veins ♪
♪ gonna get you
in the end someday ♪
♪ you can't run
but you can't hide ♪
♪ what's done in darkness
will be brought to the light ♪
♪ whoa, whoa, oh ♪
♪ gonna put up your hands
and fight ♪
♪ whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ you know that somethin'
ain't right ♪
♪ whoa, whoa, oh ♪
♪ you been waitin'
half your life ♪
♪ whoa, whoa, oh ♪
♪ that day has finally arrived ♪
♪ Criminal Minds 10x16 ♪
Lockdown
Original Air Date on March 4, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Hotch: “When the prison
doors are opened,
the real dragon
will fly out.”
Ho Chi Minh.
Officers Keith Rivers
and Rudy Hightower,
both career prison guards,
both married, kids,
nothing out of the ordinary.
The uniform itself
could be the target.
Kill a guard, any guard,
it doesn't matter which one.
And what about
the sock in the mouth?
It might be
some kind of warning
to keep quiet, you know,
like, put a sock in it.
It could have also just been a gag
to literally keep the victims quiet.
Well, either way, we're probably
looking at multiple unsubs.
This would be very difficult
to pull off alone.
Multiple unsubs in a prison,
sounds like a gang.
And gangs have gang leaders and the
murders could lead back to one of them,
and by them, I mean him.
Julio Watson, founder of
the Southside Crip Nation.
He transferred in a month
before the murders started.
Wonder if
it's a coincidence.
Excuse me, sir.
Even I am befuddled.
I found almost nothing
on this prison,
but this is what
I do know.
The Reagan Federal
Penitentiary
was opened in 1969
just outside of Liberty, Texas.
Oh, the irony, I know.
And then it was scheduled
to be shut down,
but Citadel Corrections Company
bought it a year ago from Uncle Sam.
The business of incarceration
is extremely lucrative
and virtually recession-proof.
The Citadel
Corrections Company
has more than quadrupled
their holdings
since they were founded
20 years ago.
They now have 19 facilities
all across the country.
59,603 prisoners
in their charge.
Guess I had it
wrong all this time.
Crime does pay.
♪ As you pass ♪
♪ through the walls ♪
Guard: Two vehicles coming in.
♪ Then we only heard
the echo down the hall ♪
♪ no, it's no use ♪
♪ I've wondered how ♪
Guard: Close it up!
♪ 'Cause I'm not
the only one ♪
♪ gonna get down ♪
Agent Hotchner,
it's good to see you, sir.
Thank you again
for coming all this way.
Hopefully we can help, Warden.
Oh, Agent Rossi,
hey, it's great
to meet you.
Likewise, Warden.
This is our team.
This is Agent Callahan,
Agent Jareau, Dr. Reid,
and Agent Morgan.
This is Captain Shavers,
head of security.
He can help you
with anything you need.
Call me Dale, please.
And welcome.
It's good to have you all here.
Right this way.
[Door buzzes]
Gun lockers for your weapons
and ammo are right here.
Obviously we had
to move officer Rivers' body,
but per your request,
we left everything else as is.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Polinsky, I want those sign-up forms
logged in before the next shift.
Make sure we get them
visitor badges.
Close.
If you don't mind,
I got a few things
I need to tend to,
but I'll catch up
with you ASAP.
I'm sorry there's no
cell signal inside the walls.
We had to jam it.
You got inmates
smuggling phones in?
Yeah, it's been
a problem, one of many.
What about Wi-Fi?
We got you set up
as close to the router as possible,
but it's still glitchy.
It drives me nuts.
Back when I worked on the Hill,
I couldn't survive without my phone.
I got a teenager at home who knows
exactly how you feel.
Heh heh. Well, we have got
a good old-fashioned land line
and a fax machine for you,
though.
I thought I was the only one
that still used those.
And there actually is
a pretty decent signal outside,
so you're not completely
cut off.
We'll provide all your meals.
Food's not much to speak of,
especially breakfast,
so you may want to grab something
over by your hotel
and bring it in.
JJ: Excuse me, Doctor, when's
the coroner coming to pick him up?
I don't know.
Any idea how long
the autopsy will take?
No, none.
Ok, then, is there
anything you can tell us?
Sorry. I'm not
out here that much.
Excuse me, please.
Check this out.
His fingers are broken.
That other guard, Hightower,
his fingers were broken, too.
And if I remember right,
7, just like this guy.
The M.E. said Hightower's
were defensive wounds.
Probably happened in
the struggle during the riot.
I don't see any obvious
defensive wounds on him.
Yeah. We need an autopsy.
Good luck with that.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna
go light a fire
under Dr. Helpful out here.
I bet all the inmates know
exactly what areas
are covered by surveillance.
That they do.
The lock's not picked,
so they either stole a key
from a guard or took one
off the victim.
But how did they get him
all the way back here?
They either waited
or lured him here somehow.
And look at this shelf.
It's pretty high. It had to take
at least two attackers
to get him up here.
What's the deal
with the shoddy surveillance?
I mean, this is a big hallway.
No cameras?
Ask our corporate office.
Maybe you'll have better luck than I did.
What do you mean by that?
It's ok. You can level
with us.
I requested cameras,
dozens of times,
but I got shot down because
upgrades cost money.
You want me to level
with you, ok.
These CCC college boys
have their heads up their asses.
The warden's a fair enough
man, but he's one of them.
20 years I've been here.
They don't care about us
or this place.
The only thing they care
about is the bottom line,
and my guys are dying
because of it.
Radio: Captain, de-seg supervisors
are ready for you
in the main office.
Copy that, I'll be right up.
Can you two
find your way back?
Yeah. We're good.
You know, Callahan,
there's one other possibility
we need to consider.
What if a guard
is actually involved?
It just means we've got
to be careful who we can trust.
Man: Yo, Fene,
you got my carnitas?
Inmate: How long you think
they're gonna keep us on lockdown?
A watched pot never boils.
[Toilet flushes]
A watched pot never what?
Nobody asked you
about no pot, man.
What does that even mean?
Damn!
About time. I'm starvin'.
Come here, boy.
The Feds are here.
What?
You heard me.
And you better keep
your damn mouth shut.
Mr. Watson.
Sorry for the wait.
I hope y'all know I had to rearrange
my entire schedule.
I have back-to-back meetings
and a conference call after lunch.
Well, we appreciate
your understanding.
What's up, bro?
They bring you in here
so we could relate?
Not exactly, bro.
We just want to ask you
a few questions
about officers Hightower
and Rivers.
I ain't do it.
You didn't do what?
I ain't killed 'em.
Rossi: And we should
just believe you.
Come on, you both know
if it was me,
I'd be braggin'
about it already.
What I got to hide?
What, they gonna give me more time?
I got life plus 30 already.
That mean after I die,
I gotta be back up in here anyway.
All right, then,
do you know anything
about who might be involved?
Nah, man, me and my people,
we don't mess with socks.
It's melodramatic.
You know about that?
I know about a lot.
Just not who did it.
Morgan: And you're not
exactly crying over it, though, are you?
Turn up the pressure there, Hightower.
He can take more than that.
Hightower: Come on,
Julio, stand up.
Come on!
He can take it.
Turn it up.
[Indistinct shouts]
Aren't you
soaked, Julio?
Come on, get up.
Stand up, man.
Them two cops,
world's better off
without 'em.
According to who?
You?
Me and everybody else
in here wearing green.
Ask around.
Due respect, Julio,
but you're a mass murderer
who copped a plea
and flipped on your friends
in exchange for a lesser sentence.
You're not exactly what
I would call a reliable character witness.
Believe whatever
you want.
But trust,
I hated them pigs.
Matter of fact,
I wish I had done it.
It would have given me
something to do to pass the time.
There's a couple more guys
that we should talk to.
So far no one
knows anything,
but if they do,
they're just not talking.
Maybe this has nothing to do
with gang-related activity.
The one thing they
all have in common
is no love for
Hightower or Rivers.
Morgan:
This could be personal.
Maybe someone had a beef
with those two.
We need to complete our profiles.
The answer's in there.
How much time do you need?
Uh...
126 minutes,
approximately.
Well, hurry.
We should go help finish
those interviews.
I'll join you
in a minute,
but first I'm gonna go outside and
check in with Garcia.
[Clock ticking]
The preliminary M.E.
report on Rivers
says his fingers
were broken postmortem.
7 broken fingers
could mean anything.
The number 7 is widely
regarded as being lucky,
and it plays a ubiquitous role in
most of the world's major religions,
not to mention astrology, astronomy,
literature, music.
The interesting thing
about the number 7
is that it's not only
a factorial prime--
Reid, did you get
through the files?
I did, and I found
a discrepancy.
There seems to be
a prisoner unaccounted for.
Devon White. At first
I almost missed it
because there's not even
a file for him,
but I triple-checked
the inmate manifest,
cross-checked that with
the attendance logs,
and it turns out that one day
3 months ago he just vanished.
3 months ago was right
before Hightower was killed.
We need to find him.
Hey!
[Muffled screams]
Aah!
[Bones crack]
[Screaming continues]
Devon White.
I...
Yeah, I--I didn't
know him personally.
I remember him.
D-block. He was
transferred to Nixon,
and that's one
of their facilities
just outside of Pensacola.
May I?
Hotch: Any idea why this wasn't
with the other records?
Who knows? I can't get them
to do it right over at corporate.
We'd like to arrange
to speak to him.
He was here before
the first murder,
and that's always
the most significant.
I'll make some calls.
Thank you.
Radio: Wilson on C
for Shavers.
Captain, do you copy?
Go for Shavers.
Uh, sir, we've got
a situation down here.
What happened?
There's, uh, there's
been another murder.
7 broken fingers
and a sock in the mouth.
This time there's evidence
of sexual assault.
We didn't see that
with the other victims.
Who was he?
Randall Jefferson Jones,
inmate number 91751.
He was a serial rapist in the 10th year
of a 20-year-sentence.
How did this
happen again?
These men are supposed
to be locked down?
He was privileged
status, sir.
How did a serial rapist
end up privileged?
Jones gave us information
from time to time.
That explains the shift
in victimology
and the high level
of violence.
Well, at least we know
the killers must be someone
with privileged status
on this cell block, right?
Yeah, that's over 100 guys,
and this shot could have
been called from anywhere.
Hotch: Is there surveillance
in this area?
Not inside the bathroom itself
but the hallway outside.
All right, we'll need
to review the footage immediately.
You got it.
Doing this over here
is incredibly bold.
It's practically a taunt.
Or a message.
To who?
Us.
Chocolate thunder,
chocolate thunder,
where have you been?
I've left like 4 messages?
I'm sorry, mama.
You know there's no signal inside.
That is cruel and unusual
punishment.
You know that if I don't
phone flirt with you
at least twice a day,
I get all itchy.
Promise me
you'll check in more.
Hey, what do you think I'm doing right now?
Come on, breathe.
You got anything for me?
Yes, of course I do.
I have some decidedly
weird information
about the first two victims,
Rivers and Hightower.
They, for the past year,
have matching bank activity,
and a lot of it.
Like one guy would withdraw
cash and the other one
would deposit
the exact same amount,
sometimes as low as 200 bucks,
a couple times as high
as 2,000.
They even wrote checks
to each other.
If I was a betting woman,
I would bet that these two
have been paying off bets.
That's nice work, baby girl.
Good job.
Thank you.
Hey, take care of yourself.
Come on, you know me.
Yeah, I do.
That's why I'm saying it.
Can't see anything
on the surveillance footage.
They cut the lights
in the hallway
and the cameras
don't have I.R.
How'd they get access
to the power?
Same way they got
into that closet.
One of the guards
is definitely in on this.
Hotch: Maybe not willingly.
There have been cases where inmates
have manipulated
prison staff with threats.
Guys, I've been looking
for connections between our victims,
and I think I may
have found something.
Before our dead convict,
Randall Jefferson Jones,
achieved privileged status,
he just happened to be
cellmates with Devon White.
Ok, so why does Devon's
name keep popping up?
I thought the same thing,
so I kept searching,
which oddly enough led me back
to Hightower and Rivers.
They filed more
disciplinary write-ups
than any other guards
in the entire prison,
and guess who got
a lot of them.
Devon White.
Yeah, but for relatively
minor infractions--
improperly made bed,
non-regulation clothing.
They once put him
in solitary confinement
for hiding candy bars
under his bed.
I wonder why
they rode him so hard.
Here's the strange
thing, though.
He has no history of physical
violence in his past,
yet he made frequent visits to the infirmary
for injuries related to fighting.
Do we have medical
files here?
No, we need to check
the infirmary.
There it is.
Ok. Devon White.
Looks like he was
in here quite a bit.
Broken nose, stitches,
missing tooth.
He may not have been
a violent guy when he got here,
but this place certainly
turned him into one.
This man was sexually
assaulted several times,
but why am I not seeing
anything in here about a rape kit?
No evidence collection,
nothing.
Probably didn't want
to file a report.
See it all the time.
Do you think
this has anything to do
with the sexual assault
of the third victim?
You mean like
an eye for an eye?
It's a good bet.
We need to find
Devon White.
Meantime, we need to talk
to someone who knew him.
Somebody in this place
knows something.
Hell, yeah,
I remember Devon,
from up in the library.
You two were
pretty good buddies?
He's the one helped me
get my G.E.D.
He's a good dude.
They transferred him
up out of here.
He all right?
Mr. Sam Pritchett.
I'm Agent David Rossi.
How you doin'?
Can't complain.
Well, you could, but
who'd be listening, right?
Can I get you something?
Water? Coffee?
Ok.
I, uh,
I wanted to ask you
about Devon White.
It says here you worked
in the library with him.
Till they assigned me
to another work detail.
I see you worked there
almost 20 years.
Why the change?
Not my choice.
So did that have anything
to do with officer Hightower?
You know, I ask that because
I see his name on the work transfer.
Guard: Hi there, Sam.
You miss us?
Up.
Got a lot of books.
Get over here.
Got a lot of books, Sam.
don't you know you're
not supposed to have books?
It's against the rules.
I go where they tell me to go.
Right.
So what can you tell me
about Devon?
Good kid, hard worker,
loved to read.
Not like most of these
other knuckleheads.
So you two
were pretty close.
Ah, you know,
liked to look out for him.
And why is that?
Some of these young cats
that come in here,
they get overwhelmed.
Don't got the makeup for it.
Inmate: What you
doing, newbie?
Where you from,
brother?
[Laughter]
[Indistinct chatter]
What's up, young blood?
Sam.
Devon.
Rossi:
So he was a good kid.
Well, that, uh,
that's funny, because
I got a stack of disciplinary write-ups
that say different.
In fact, officer Hightower
and another guy, Rivers,
they wrote Devon up a lot,
even took him to the
infirmary for fighting.
I don't know nothin'
about that.
Well, did they have some kind
of problem with Devon?
You'd have to ask them.
They're both dead.
You don't say.
Ok, then.
What are you
not telling me?
'Cause I'm sitting
here looking at you looking at me,
and my gut says you know exactly
what's going on in here.
I don't know nothin'.
Shh.
Before the CCC took over,
Devon White was a model inmate.
He never got written up.
Not one infirmary visit.
None of that started until officers
Hightower and Rivers were hired.
And that's right around
the same time
they started exchanging
all that money.
That bank activity has to have something
to do with this.
If they were paying off bets,
what could they be betting on?
Some kind of regular
poker game, maybe.
Sports, maybe a fight.
What if its some sort
of sanctioned violence
right here
at the prison?
You mean like a fight club?
I've heard of that
happening in prisons.
Maybe it was their own sadistic version
of that using inmates.
That could explain
why Devon was fighting.
So the sock in the mouth
and the 7 broken fingers
must be related
to a specific event.
And if I'm guessing,
an event involving Devon White.
Our presence here
is forcing the issue.
Up.
Captain,
I got something.
Take him downstairs.
Get in there.
[Door closes]
[Outer door closes]
I should have
figured it out sooner.
Now I'm gonna give you
a chance to come clean.
Who was helping you?
Huh?
Who was it?!
Who?!
You gonna make me
disappear, too?
You better tell me
who it was.
They're gonna figure it out.
They're gonna find you,
you son of a bitch.
This is your last chance.
Who was it?
Maybe me and you
can share a cell someday.
Oh, my--what happened?
Son of a bitch
went berserk.
Damn near
bit my nose off.
I bopped him
pretty good,
but I guess he must
have caught his head on the door
or something
when he went down.
Oh...
We, uh, found all that
hidden in his cell.
Oh, damn it.
Warden: Go get that cut
taken care of.
No, I'm good, sir.
I'd like to stay and help.
Shavers,
you've done enough. Go.
Captain, I'll meet you in the infirmary.
I have a few questions.
All right. This won't take long.
I'll come find you.
His name is Patrick Butler,
inmate number 312773.
Found the same socks, same shanks.
This must be our guy.
Well, warden, we profiled
this was the work of a group.
If Butler was involved,
we've only found one of the killers.
Well, I'm gonna go share
the news with corporate.
They'll be happy
we're making progress.
Was Butler
a violent criminal?
Not until he came here.
He was doing 5 years
for using a toy gun to rob 5 banks
in 3 different states,
but his sentence
got bumped up to 20
after he killed
another inmate.
Just like Devon White.
Comes in nonviolent
and then something
goes wrong.
Hey, wait, guys,
look at the cell number.
Maybe it's not 7 fingers,
maybe it's 3 on one hand,
4 on the other. 34.
Well, I wonder what else must have
happened down here.
You really think
this Butler guy did it?
It's possible.
And our profile
may have led Shavers
right to it.
But if this is about foul play, why would
Shavers want him dead?
He may have known too much about
something the captain's trying to hide.
You think the warden
knows about all this?
I don't think so. I think he's just
trying to save his job.
So what's our next move?
We proceed as planned.
We keep conducting interviews
until we find out what
happened to Devon White,
and then we figure out
if Butler or Shavers
had anything to do with it.
Hello, Tom.
I'm not gonna say anything.
I already told you that.
[Chuckles] I know.
I was just saying hello.
Oh, hey, you know...
How is that beautiful
little girl of yours doing?
She's gonna be 8 soon?
That's a great age.
Enjoy it. They grow quick.
Next thing you know,
they're gone.
Shavers just radioed.
He's on his way down.
It's taking him
long enough.
Have Garcia monitor
his cell phone.
That way we'll know
if he tries to leave.
You really think
he'll try and run?
He might if he's got
something to hide.
Mr. Ortiz, have a seat.
I want to ask you a few questions
about Devon White.
So you worked
on his cell block, right?
When was the last time
you saw him?
Do you remember
anything special about Devon?
Oh, man, you got to be
kiddin' me.
Well, of course I get
the affirmative action dude.
Why couldn't you be
one of the chicks?
It's ok if I call
you Tom?
So you reported directly
to officer Rivers?
He was my block commander.
Do you remember
this inmate?
Yeah, he looks familiar.
Kate: You took him to the
infirmary 4 different times.
His name's Devon White.
He was on D-building.
Yeah, yeah, Devon.
I remember him.
Do you remember anything
about his transfer?
How about the infirmary visits?
Nope, uh, nothing.
You ok?
Would you like
some water?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
You know, Tom,
well, it's just--
it's a little odd.
Devon lived on
your cell block...
And you saw him at least
5 times a week.
But all you got is,
“Yeah, he looks familiar”?
There's a lot of guys
on D-block.
You mind?
Ok, look, I'm just gonna
cut to the chase here,
because you seem like a man
who is scared and carrying a burden.
Maybe it's just stress,
I don't know,
but it seems like
you're hiding something
and it's eating you up.
Morgan: Is there something
you want to tell us, Tom?
Something maybe about
cell number 34.
You gotta keep
my daughter safe.
Please.
Hey, Weeks!
I got a proposition for you.
Shavers and his guys,
they're like their own little gang.
Kate: What did they
do to Devon?
We don't have
all day, Polinsky.
1, 2, 3.
They told me if I talked,
they'd hurt my daughter.
Kate: Ok, Tom, how did
all this get started?
They'd round up
a few inmates.
Misfits.
None of them affiliated.
They'd pick the quiet ones 'cause
they knew they'd be weak.
They made Devon
and Butler fight.
Those two, I guess
they were, uh, close.
Like more than friends.
And when they refused,
come on now.
They only got it worse
from Shavers and his gang.
Get in there.
Come on, mix it up.
Get up!
Take it.
I wasn't supposed
to be down there,
but I was looking
for Rivers.
Polinsky.
Devon's lying there,
all bloody,
and Butler's freakin' out.
Kate: They made you get rid
of the body so you were an accessory?
[Crying]
You helped them kill
Hightower, Rivers, and Jones, too?
I couldn't kill anybody.
It--it was Butler
and I don't know who else.
And I just--I just got 'em
keys and stuff.
Will you testify
to all this?
Yeah.
How was Randall
Jones involved?
Jones, their lap dog,
he'd help them out, round up guys,
get them information.
Whatever they needed.
Get him!
Hold still.
[Alarm]
Aah!
Ok!
Ok.
You lived in the cell
next to Devon, is that correct?
Excuse me, agents.
A personal body alarm
was activated in A-block,
but we can't seem
to get access.
A-block. That's where
Morgan and Kate are.
Check it. Check it.
Locked!
You smell good.
You get that bitch
under control!
Just let her go, man.
Oh, I like her.
Handle it.
In here!
Come on, let's move.
Over there.
Uhh!
[Indistinct chatter]
Gather 'round!
I want everyone
to see this.
Give me that.
Do it.
Hey, I want to have some fun
with this one first.
Leave her alone!
Hurry up!
This won't take long.
Weeks!
What the hell
you doin', man?
Mind your business!
I'm makin' it my business.
This ain't your show.
Now, go on,
get out of here!
This ain't got nothin'
to do with you, Watson.
The hell it don't.
This is Feds, you idiots.
Anything happens to them,
we all end up on death row.
Listen to him, man,
he's right.
Shut up!
Nothing good can come
from hurting us.
If you let us go,
it can help some of you.
We know about Shavers.
We have enough to bring
this whole place down.
With your help, Shavers,
all of them,
Maybe even the entire
Citadel Corrections Company.
Do 'em, Weeks.
Damn you, do 'em.
He's got the entire block locked down.
There's no way to get in or out.
Reid: Can't we shut
the system down?
It's in override. The only way to do that
is from inside the booth.
Open it.
It's bolted from inside.
[Tapping on window]
Just open the door.
We can work this out.
Come on, Dale,
let's do this the easy way.
Dale, no!
Stay out of this,
Watson.
It's too late.
I'm already in.
[Groaning]
Somebody, please...
He needs help.
Oh, I got his help.
Let go of him!
I just want to help him.
[Gunshot]
Down, down, down.
Everybody down.
Get medics in here!
He's still alive!
You all right?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
It's ok.
You're gonna be ok.
How could this happen?
Shavers. I trusted him.
Well, there'll be
an investigation.
When we get back to D.C.
someone from our office will contact you.
I suggest you call
your attorney immediately.
Hey, uh, hold up
for a second.
I want to thank you
for what you did in there.
Yeah, well,
brothers gotta stick
together, right?
[Humming]
♪ Oh ♪
♪ that ancient life you wear ♪
♪ on your shoulder ♪
I think we just found
Devon White.
♪ And the river of time ♪
♪ love is all
that's left to lose ♪
that's left to know ♪
Mr. Pritchett.
We, uh, found these
downstairs.
They all seem to have
your name on them.
Thank you.
You take care of yourself.
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm not alone anymore ♪
♪ this ancient life ♪
♪ ghosts ♪
♪ their voices all are rested ♪
♪ in your bones ♪
♪ and the river of time ♪
♪ love is all
that's left to lose ♪
[Indistinct chatter,
police radio]
You ready to get
the hell out of here?
Am I ever.
Rossi: Dwight D. Eisenhower
once wrote,
“If you want total security,
go to prison.
“There, you're fed, clothed,
given medical care, and so on.
The only thing lacking
is freedom.”
♪ ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org